Oct 11th: 8 hours
	Created initial project
	Created base StateMachine
	Created initial pages
	Created initial button decorator
	Created first page page (generating money)
Oct 12th: 4 hours
	Button Decorator handles becoming visible (via .show())
	Did work on the workshop page
Oct 13th: 8 hours
	Added blueprints 
	Added structure for research tracks
Oct 14th: 8 hours
	Added werehouse tab
	Research Tracks are now data driven rather than hard coded
	Workshops now build gears, muscle, and golems
	Added highlight icon for tabs that changed
Oct 15th: 8 hours
	Inventory dependancies are their own data type and class
	Present dependancy needs and research track names on the lab tab
	Replaced all instances of golem with robot (and fixed some spelling)
	Fixed the number of significant digits when displaying money
	Better minion control buttons
	Added initial click sound
Oct 16th: 
	Voice & Dialog

TODO:
  - add sounds to all the button transitions
  - randomize the type of marsupials each player might get
  - fix minion +/- buttons on workshops
  - ranting tracks
  - options page (ranting: off, full, text only, sound only)

Research Tracks:
  - minion cost
  - minion/workspace efficiency (cybernetics, chimera, etc...)
  - max golems per workspace
  - mercenary gigs (risk minions)
  - theft gigs (risk minions)
  - endgame
  - crafting:
    - cyborg parts
    - endgame part 1
    - endgame part 2
    - endgame part 3

Rant:
  - past failure
      How could I have failed? 
      The plan was perfect, every contingency covered.
      And yet, it all became undone... unraveled, victory slipping from my grasp!
      But I am undaunted! 
      I will show these simpletons - my genius knows no bounds.
      To me, my marsupials! We shall gather at my lair!

  - starting from nothing
      Damn those fools, and damn me for trusting them!
      To be brought so low, to start over from nothing again?! How can I abide this indignity!

  - assigned wrong tech - not marsupial based
      Boneheaded dullards!
      They stood in the way of my genius.
      To think they overruled my ideas of Metatherian* domination!
      Giant super laser.. They wanted me to build a giant super laser?! Pah! In what world would nations bow in fear to a Giant Super Laser. The idiot!

  - blame management
      Imbecilic cretins! They could not appreciate my brilliance!
      Had they but given me the funds I needed to complete the project the WORLD WOULD BE MINE!
      I was shackled by their incompetence - my only failure was not seeing that they were an albatros around my neck. Yes! Yes! A lead albatros, or rather an iridium albatros, dragging me down to their level.

  - temper issues
      Did I vaporize a henchman or two? Yes, I will admit, I was a little headstrong in my youth.
      But look at me now, I have grown. I am as even keeled - as my rule is absolute.
      I will admit, initially, that I stopped my murderous venting because I was running low on minions.
      But! But! I have grown.
      I realize now that violently decimating my workforce is ... demoralizing.
      And no one wants to help overthrow the world when they're feeling low.
